---
title: Lasagna
categories: [Dinner]
date: 2020-12-11
image: /assets/img/sample/lasagna.jpeg
---

## Ingredients

1. 1 pound bulk Italian sausage
2. 1 pound ground beef
3. 1 cup chopped onion
4. 4 cloves garlic, minced
5. 2 (8 ounce) cans tomato sauce
6. 1 (14 ounce) can crushed tomatoes
7. 1 (14 ounce) can Italian-style crushed tomatoes
8. 2 (6 ounce) cans tomato paste
9. 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil
10. 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
11. 2 teaspoons brown sugar
12. 1 teaspoon salt
13. 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning
14. ¼ teaspoon ground black pepper
15. ½ teaspoon fennel seeds (Optional)
16. ½ cup grated Parmesan cheese
17. 12 lasagna noodles
18. 1 egg
19. 1 (15 ounce) container ricotta cheese
20. 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
21. ½ teaspoon salt
22. 1 pinch ground nutmeg
23. 1 (16 ounce) package shredded mozzarella cheese, divided
24. ¾ cup grated Parmesan cheese, divided

## Steps

1. Brown sausage and ground beef with onion and garlic in a large Dutch oven or heavy pot over medium heat, cooking and stirring until meat is cooked through, 10 to 15 minutes

2. Drain and discard grease. Stir tomato sauce, crushed tomatoes, Italian-style crushed tomatoes, tomato paste, basil, 2 tablespoons parsley, brown sugar, salt, Italian seasoning, black pepper, fennel seeds, and 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese into meat mixture

3.  Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer sauce for at least 1 hour (up to 6 for best flavor)

4. Stir occasionally

5. Place lasagna noodles into a deep bowl and cover with very hot tap water

6. let soak for 30 minutes

7. Beat egg in a bowl and stir ricotta cheese, 2 tablespoons parsley, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and nutmeg into egg until thoroughly combined

8. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C)

9. Cover bottom of a 9x13-inch baking dish with 1 cup sauce

10. Layer 4 soaked lasagna noodles, 1/3 of the ricotta cheese mixture, 1/3 of the shredded mozzarella cheese, and 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese in the dish

11. Repeat layers twice more, ending with mozzarella and Parmesan cheeses

12. Cover dish with aluminum foil

13. Bake until lasagna noodles are tender and casserole is bubbling, about 50 minutes

14. Remove foil and bake until cheese topping is lightly browned, 15 to 20 more minutes

15. Let stand 15 minutes before serving







